Share link to aws-sdk-js-codemod (#56)
trivikr/aws-sdk-js-v2-to-v3: README.md

# aws-sdk-js-v2-to-v3

> > Replaced by [aws-sdk-js-codemod](https://github.com/trivikr/aws-sdk-js-codemod)

Author: ```suggestion
> This project is merged into [aws-sdk-js-codemod](https://github.com/trivikr/aws-sdk-js-codemod)
```
